# Online-Reservation-System

## Summary
This documentation is about a web site of an online hotel reservation system. While developing the website web templates were used. The software’s which were used in creating web pages, logo and banner were Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Flash respectively. The programming language which was used to write the codes was HTML, CSS, PHP and MySQL. There are 9 pages. And this web site contains brief descriptions of 8 hotel rooms. Through this web site we were able to practice our knowledge regarding HTML, CSS, PHP, and MySQL, creating database in Wamp Server, Dreamweaver, Photoshop and Flash.

## Operational Instructions
This site aim is an online hotel reservation system which can be used by customers to reserve hotel rooms. The web site of the “Hotel Summit” company comprises of main six pages and three subpages. HOME.html page, ABOUT.html page, CONTACT.html page, ROOMS.html page, ORDER.html page and SERVICES.html page are the main six pages. SERVICES-T.html page, SERVICES-D.html page and SERVICES-W.html page are the subpages. Each of these pages has the logo of the Hotel Summit. You can reach the all the pages from any page in the web site through the particular link in them. The links for the SERVICES-T.html page, SERVICES-D.html page and SERVICES-W.html subpages are under the “News and Events” column.

First of all you can load the Home Page of this web site. It contains the images of Hotel Summit logo and web banner. Clicking Rooms tab in the Home page will navigate you to the ROOMS.html page in web site. If you want to book rooms of our hotel, you can click on any picture of a room or simply select the Order Tab and go to the ORDER.html page. Fill in the textbox in online booking form and click submit button. Next you go to Order.php. If your registration is correct, you will see “ok thank you” message and if your registration is in incorrect, you will see “unable to connect”. Then your order form will be submitted to the company. You will be informed about the information regarding your order, through the contact information that you supplied. If you feel like cancelling the order while filling the order form, you can click the Cancel button. Then you can submit your order in another day.


